# Lab-2021-10-08


# 1. **Palindrome** from wikipedia.

    A palindrome is a word, number, phrase, or other sequence of characters 
    which reads the same backward as forward, such as taco cat or madam or racecar or the number 10801. 


Please write a code that finds if given input is a palindrome. 
For example: efe,  hannah, ava, anna are palindromes.
Test your code with above examples and test with at least 3 different non-Palindrome examples.
nixon, example, xxxzz
For our purposes space and whitespace characters are distinct characters; therefore, "taco cat" is not a palindrome.

Example output: 

    Please enter a input to test for palindrome: 123
    Input text 123 is not a Palindrome.

    Please enter a input to test for palindrome: 1221
    Input text 1221 is a Palindrome.

    Please enter a input to test for palindrome: madam
    Input text madam is a Palindrome.



# 2. Question Number Palindrome

Definition of **Palindrome** from wikipedia.

    A palindrome is a word, number, phrase, or other sequence of characters which reads the same backward as forward, 
    such as taco cat or madam or racecar or the number 10801. 

If we give some palindrome number examples:

- 121
- 3443 
- 34543

Some not palindrome numbers

- 321
- 4567 
- 123421

Please write a code that finds if given input number is palindrome?


**Note** Please do not use string library functions or string reversing in this question.

Example output: 

	Please enter a number to test: 123
	Number 123 is not a Palindrome.
	Please enter a number to test: 1221
	Number 123 is a Palindrome.


# 3. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000
Solve the [Project Euler Question 1](https://projecteuler.net/problem=1)

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.


See a mathematical solution [here](https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/9259/find-the-sum-of-all-the-multiples-of-3-or-5-below-1000)


# 4. Digit summation of any integer number

entered_number = 190837523478

summation = 1+9+0+8+3+7+5+2+3+4+7+8
 = 57


a) entered_number type int: Solve this question without using any string function only math operators and loop

b) entered_number type string: solve this question using loop with string indexing

