1. IMBD Top 10 Movies as of 2022-10

| Rank | Title                                             | Year | IMDb Rating |
|------|---------------------------------------------------|------|-------------|
| 1.   | The Shawshank Redemption                          | 1994 | 9.2         |
| 2.   | The Godfather                                     | 1972 | 9.2         |
| 3.   | The Dark Knight                                   | 2008 | 9.0         |
| 4.   | The Godfather Part II                             | 1974 | 9.0         |
| 5.   | 12 Angry Men                                      | 1957 | 9.0         |
| 6.   | Schindler's List                                  | 1993 | 8.9         |
| 7.   | The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King     | 2003 | 8.9         |
| 8.   | Pulp Fiction                                      | 1994 | 8.8         |
| 9.   | The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring | 2001 | 8.8         |
| 10.  | The Good, the Bad and the Ugly                    | 1966 | 8.8         |

Put this information in a python list of list
And write a code which iterates in this list of lists and print inside information.

2. We can use following code to produce random numbers between 1 and 20.

	import random
	random.randint(1,20)

Use randint and for loop to create a list of random numbers between 1 and 1000. 
Size of your list should be 100.


3. write a function that prints out a list using a for loop.
Use this function to print the list in the question 2


4. Using the list  in the question 2, find the maximum a5nd minimum numbers in this list.

5. Using the list  in the question 2, find the maximum and minimum numbers in this list using while loop.

6. Using the list  in the question 2, find the maximum and minimum numbers in this list using for loop.

7. See below code for producing an example list:

	size = 10
	l1 = list(range(size))

write a code which will produce a new list where every item in this list is square of an item in l1.
Your new_list should be something like below.

	l1 = [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
	new_list = [0, 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81]


8. Ask a user a number, for example 13.
how many consecutive even numbers starting from 2 you need to have so that your sum will be greater than given number?
Print these numbers and their total in the screen:

For this example:

- 2 + 4 + 6 = 12
- 2 + 4 + 6+  8 = 20

Then we need 4 numbers.

then output will be:
the sum of 2 + 4 + 6 +8 = 20 and that is greater than 13.


9. This question is similar to above question but it uses random numbers: 
Ask a user a number, for example 20.
using rand int create random numbers between 1 and given number / 2.
Here you will create random numbers between 1 and 10
Sum these random number so that your sum will be greater than equal to given number?
At the end, show how many numbers you had to create to get a total of greater than first number.
